License Agreement for ReSharper Command Line Tools
==================================================

IMPORTANT! READ CAREFULLY: THIS IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT. BY DOWNLOADING,
INSTALLING, COPYING, SAVING ON YOUR COMPUTER, OR OTHERWISE USING THIS
SOFTWARE, YOU (LICENSEE, AS DEFINED BELOW) ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS
AGREEMENT AND YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY ALL THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU
SHOULD NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL AND USE THE SOFTWARE.

#### 1. PARTIES

**(a)** "Licensor" means JetBrains s.r.o., having its principal place of
business at Na hrebenech II 1718/10, Prague, 14000, Czech Republic,
registered with Commercial Register kept by the Municipal Court of
Prague, Section C, file 86211, ID. Nr.: 265 02 275.

**(b)** "Licensee" means an individual or a legal entity entering into
and exercising rights under this Agreement or future versions thereof.
For the purposes hereunder, Licensee includes any entity that controls,
is controlled by, or is under common control with Licensee. For purposes
of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect,
to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract
or otherwise; or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
controlling shares or beneficial ownership of such entity. Licensee is
also referred to herein as "You".

#### 2. DEFINITIONS

"Software" means the software program known as ReSharper Command Line
Tools in binary form, including its documentation, upgrades provided
pursuant to Section 7 of this Agreement, and any third-party software
programs that are owned and licensed pursuant to Section 5 of this
Agreement by parties other than Licensor and that either integrated with
or made part of ReSharper Command Line Tools (collectively, "Third-Party
Software").

#### 3. OWNERSHIP

**(a)** Software is the property of Licensor or its suppliers. Software
is licensed, not sold. Title and copyrights to Software, in whole and in
part and all copies thereof, and all modifications, enhancements,
derivatives and other alterations of Software regardless of who made any
modifications, if any, are, and will remain, the sole and exclusive
property of Licensor and its suppliers.

**(b)** Software is protected by United States Copyright Law and
International Treaty provisions. Further, the structure, organization,
and code embodied in Software are the valuable and confidential trade
secrets of Licensor and its suppliers and are protected by intellectual
property laws and treaties. Licensee agrees to abide by the copyright
law and all other applicable laws of the United States including, but
not limited to, export control laws.

#### 4. GRANT OF LICENSE

Subject to the terms, conditions, and limitations set forth in this
Agreement, including any amendments thereto, Licensor hereby grants to
Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, perpetual, non-transferable license
to use Software as follows:

**(a)** Licensee may:

(i) install and use Software in accordance with the Software
documentation and pursuant to the terms and conditions of this
Agreement; and

(ii) make one backup copy of Software for archival purposes.

**(b)** Licensee may not:

(i) sell, redistribute, encumber, give, lend, rent, lease, sublicense,
or otherwise transfer Software, or any portions of Software, to anyone
without the prior written consent of Licensor;

(ii) reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, translate, make
any attempt to discover the source code of Software, or create
derivative works from Software.

#### 5. THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE LICENSE

**(a)** Licensee agrees to comply with the terms and conditions
contained in [Third-Party Software license
agreements](https://www.jetbrains.com/legal/third-party-software/?product=RSCLT)
with respect to the applicable Third-Party Software.

**(b)** Licensee agrees and acknowledges that Sections 8 and 9 of this
Agreement shall also govern Licensee's use of the Third-Party Software.
Licensor will have no responsibility with respect to any Third-Party
Software, and Licensee will look solely to the licensor(s) of the Third
Party Software for any remedy. Licensor claims no right in the Third
Party Software, and the same is owned exclusively by the licensor(s) of
the Third-Party Software.

**(c)** LICENSOR PROVIDES NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH RESPECT TO ANY
THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE.

#### 6. FEEDBACK

Licensee may, but is not obligated to, provide to Licensor or its
subsidiaries suggestions, comments and feedback regarding Software,
including but not limited to usability, bug reports and test results
(collectively, "Feedback"). Licensor grants to Licensee, without charge,
a non-exclusive, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free license to
reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, license, distribute and
otherwise commercialize the Feedback as part of any of Licensee's
offerings.

#### 7. UPGRADES

**(a)** Licensor may, from time to time and at its discretion, provide
generally available new versions of Software to Licensee through
Licensor's web site at www.jetbrains.com.

**(b)** If not agreed otherwise in writing between Licensor and
Licensee, upon upgrading to new version of Software the relationship
between parties shall be governed and amended (if applicable) by the
terms and conditions of License agreement related to Software available
at www.jetbrains.com on the day of upgrade download.

#### 8. LIMITED WARRANTY

SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES.
LICENSOR MAKES NO WARRANTY AS TO ITS USE OR PERFORMANCE. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LICENSOR AND ITS AFFILIATES,
SUPPLIERS, AND RESELLERS, DISCLAIM ALL OTHER WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS,
EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE,
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, WITH REGARD TO SOFTWARE, AND THE PROVISION OF OR
FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES.

#### 9. DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES

**(a)** TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT
WILL LICENSOR OR ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS OR RESELLERS BE
LIABLE TO LICENSEE UNDER ANY THEORY FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE
OR ANY USER OF SOFTWARE, OR FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR SIMILAR DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONFIDENTIAL OR OTHER INFORMATION, FOR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR
FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE,
FOR NEGLIGENCE, AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER)
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE, OR THE PROVISION OF
OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SUPPORT SERVICES, EVEN IF LICENSOR HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL
OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM
IS BASED.

**(b)** IN ANY CASE, LICENSOR'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER ANY PROVISION OF
THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY LICENSEE
FOR SOFTWARE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR FIVE (5) USD, WHICHEVER IS GREATER.

#### 10. EXPORT REGULATIONS

Licensee agrees and accepts that Software may be subject to import and
export laws of any country, including those of the European Union and
United States (specifically the Export Administration Regulations
(EAR)). Licensee acknowledges that it is not a citizen, national, or
resident of, and is not under control of the governments of Cuba, Iran,
North Korea, Sudan or Syria and is not otherwise a restricted end-user
as defined by applicable export control laws. Further, Licensee
acknowledges that it will not download or otherwise export or re-export
Software or any related technical data directly or indirectly to the
above-mentioned countries or to citizens, nationals, or residents of
those countries, or to any other restricted end user or for any
restricted end-use.

#### 11. TERM AND TERMINATION

**(a)** If Licensee fails to comply with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, this Agreement and Licensee's right and license to use
Software will terminate immediately. Licensee may terminate this
Agreement at any time by notifying Licensor. Upon the termination of
this Agreement, Licensee must delete Software from its computers and
archives.

**(b)** LICENSEE AGREES THAT UPON TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY
REASON, LICENSOR MAY TAKE ACTIONS SO THAT SOFTWARE NO LONGER OPERATES.

#### 12. MARKETING

Licensee agrees to be identified as a customer of Licensor and that
Licensor may refer to Licensee by name, trade name and trademark, if
applicable, and may briefly describe Licensee's business in Licensor's
marketing materials, on Licensor's web site, in public or legal
documents. Licensee hereby grants Licensor a license to use Licensee's
name and any of Licensee's trade names and trademarks solely pursuant to
this marketing section.

#### 13. GENERAL

**(a)** Licensor reserves the right at any time to cease the support of
Software and to alter prices, features, specifications, capabilities,
functions, licensing terms, release dates, general availability or other
characteristics of Software.

**(b)** This Agreement, including the Third-Party Software license
agreements, constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
concerning Licensee's use of Software, and supersedes any and all prior
or contemporaneous oral or written representations, communications, or
advertising with respect to Software. No purchase order, other ordering
document or any hand written or typewritten text which purports to
modify or supplement the printed text of this Agreement or any schedule
will add to or vary the terms of this Agreement unless signed by both
Licensee and Licensor.

**(c)** A waiver by either party of any term or condition of this
Agreement or any breach thereof, in any one instance, will not waive
such term or condition or any subsequent breach. The provisions of this
Agreement which require or contemplate performance after the expiration
or termination of this Agreement will be enforceable notwithstanding
said expiration or termination.

**(d)** This Agreement will be governed by the laws of Czech Republic,
without reference to conflict of laws principles. Licensee agrees that
any litigation relating to this Agreement may only be brought in, and
will be subject to the jurisdiction of, any Court of Czech Republic.

**(e)** Section titles are inserted for convenience only and will not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. If
any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, the remainder of this
Agreement will continue in full force and effect. Either Licensor or
Licensee may assign this Agreement in the case of a merger or sale of
substantially all of its respective assets to another entity. This
Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the
parties, their successors and assigns.

  

**For exceptions or modifications to this Agreement, please contact
JetBrains at:**  
**Address**: Na hřebenech II 1718/10, Prague, 14000, Czech Republic  
**Fax**: +420 241 722 540  
**E-mail**:
[sales@jetbrains.com](mailto:sales@jetbrains.com?subject=ReSharper%20CLT%20license%20request)
